`azurerm_windows_function_app`, `azurerm_linux_function_app` - fix `WEBSITE_RUN_FROM_PACKAGE` being removed from `app_setting` issue (#21952)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/linux_function_app.html.markdown

* `storage_uses_managed_identity` - Does the Function App use Managed Identity to access the storage account?

> * `website_run_from_package` - Does the Function App deployed via a package file? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `website_run_from_package` - Is the Linux Function App deployed via a package file? 
```
